Implement minimal textmate language definition (#1595)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: utils/textmate/README.md

# Textmate Language Definition

<!--
Part of the Carbon Language project, under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM
Exceptions. See /LICENSE for license information.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception
-->

This directory contains a [TextMate](https://macromates.com/) bundle which can

> be used in various editors such as TextMate, Atom or the IntelliJ family for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be used in various editors such as TextMate, Atom, or the IntelliJ family for
```

We like our Oxford commas.

syntax highlighting of Carbon source files.

If you are using TextMate, you can find documentation on how to use the bundle
[here](https://macromates.com/manual/en/bundles#getting_more_bundles). Clone the
repository with Git and symlink/copy the `utils/textmate` directory to any of
the paths TextMate will search through (you can find these paths in the TextMate

> documentation above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation above).
```

Punctuation nit

> If you are using IntelliJ or a JetBrains-family product, you can find
> documentation on how to install the bundle
> [here](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/textmate.html#import-textmate-bundles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using IntelliJ or a JetBrains-family product,
[there is documentation on how to install the bundle](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/textmate.html#import-textmate-bundles).
```

This is a doc style thing, just avoiding "here" as link text.
https://developers.google.com/style/link-text

Author: Ah that makes a lot of sense, thanks for the link!

Clone the repository with Git and open the `utils/textmate` directory inside the
IntelliJ TextMate Bundle window.

If you are using Atom, you can convert the bundle to an Atom-compatible one. See

> the Atom documentation
> [here](https://flight-manual.atom.io/hacking-atom/sections/converting-from-textmate/)
> on how to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[the Atom documentation on how to do that](https://flight-manual.atom.io/hacking-atom/sections/converting-from-textmate/).
```
